# This file should contain a simple whitespace-separated list of 
# of CK3 dynasty house IDs to preserve from purging.
# Comments are allowed, and start with a '#' character.

house_seljuk # referenced in common\scripted_effects\01_dlc_fp3_scripted_effects.txt
house_borjigin # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\00_mongol_templates.txt
house_onggirat # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\00_mongol_templates.txt
house_olkhunut # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\00_mongol_templates.txt
house_uriankhai # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\00_mongol_templates.txt
house_harmaytan # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\04_fp3_character_templates.txt
house_tusi # referenced in common\scripted_character_templates\04_fp3_character_templates.txt
house_tumert # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_almohad_invasion_effects.txt
house_almohad # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_almohad_invasion_effects.txt
house_prum # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rustaveli # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_tondaiman # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_khayyam # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rabban # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_von_bingen # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_aquinas # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_alighieri # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_becket # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_maimon # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_de_troyes # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_skallagrimsson # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_ormstunga # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rode # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_al_haytham # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_of_ockham # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_chaucer # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_bacon # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_of_lincoln # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_wycliffe # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_abelard # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_dargenteuil # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_petrarca # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_bondone # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_fibonacci # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_boccaccio # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_de_pizan # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_sturluson # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_de_villa_nova # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_khalduni # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rumi # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_sina # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rushdi # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_biruni # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_yitzchaki # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_halevi # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_shaprut # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_gershon # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_ezra # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_gabirol # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_nahman # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_crescas # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_gaon # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_awkal # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_tudela # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_polo # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_eckhart # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_czarny # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_choniates # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_psellos # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_tzetzes # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_blemmydes # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_pachymeres # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_moschopoulos # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_metochites # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_choniates_2 # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_tarchaneiotes # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_pletho # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_lekapenos # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_bessarion # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_kydones # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_holobolos # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_axuch # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_gosh # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_rustaveli # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_tatevatsi # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_pitsak # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_medici # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_borgia # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_wallace # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_vignolles # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_corvey # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_flor # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt
house_monmouth # referenced in common\scripted_effects\00_historical_characters_scripted_effects.txt

# TFE
house_hashmid # referenced in events\islam_events.txt
house_umayyad # referenced in events\islam_events.txt